# 20240410

##  Outfit Feedback Request Data Modeling

From requester perspective:
1. "Request Outfit Feedback from {user}" modal will render.
2. User will select specific outfit they want feedback on
3. Once they select an outfit, a preview of the form that will be sent to the reviewer will render. 

Example form:

The following form will be sent to {user} to get their feedback on your outfit. Please un-select any section(s) you don't want feedback on.

General
How would you describe this outfit? 

Colors
What do you think of the colors on this outfit? 

Originality 
Is the outfit original? Why or why not?

Silhouette
What do you think of the outfit's overall silhouette and fit? 

Other
What improvements could be made to this outfit?
Do you think this fits my aesthetic? 


## Data Modeling


### OutfitFeedbackRequest 
/feedback/requests/{from_userid}.json

``` json
[
    {
        "request_id": "",
        "request_type": "",
        "request_date": "",
        "outfit_id": "",
        "from_userid": "",
        "to_userid": "",
        "expiration_date": "",
    }
]
```

/feedback/responses/{to_userid}.json
``` json 
[
    {
        "request_id": "",
        "from_userid": "",
        "to_userid": "",
        "accepted": false,
        "reseponse_date": ""
    }
]
```

/feedback/content/{request_id}.json 
``` json 
{
    "request_id": "",
    "questions": [ 
        {
            "question_id":"",
            "question": "",
            "answer": "",
        }
    ],
    "last_edited": "",
}


```


# 20240622

Plug in with Gemini AI. Give user option for:
1. What decade does my style belong in?
2. What color palette do my clothes fall under? Options:
   - dark winter (deep)
   - cool winter (true)
   - bright winter
   - bright spring
   - warm spring (true)
   - light spring
   - light summer
   - cool summer (true)
   - soft summer
   - soft autumn 
   - warm autumn (true)
   - dark autumn (deep)
3. Scales:
  - Simple -> Complicated 
  - Classic -> Avant Garde
  - Casual -> Formal 


RGB 255, 255, 0 
RG < 230 

# 20240810

Color analysis
1. Hue 
2. Warm (how much yellow or red) and Cool (how much blue)
- For skin that has lumosity > 70%, we can use this heurisitc:
  - They are cool tone if B in RGB > 200
  - They are warm if the (R-G) < 30 
  - They are warm if B < 200  and (R - G) < 30 


- For skin that has lumosity < 70%:
  - They are cool tone if 
  - They are warm if 


